Date:    Mon, 04 Apr 94 17:22:41 PDT
From:    <szfast@chip.ucdavis.edu>

POT STICKERS:

1 C whole wheat pastry flour
1 C unbleached white flour
1/2 C plus 1 T warm water
1/3 C cooking sherry
1/2 C minced onion
1/2 C thinly sliced green cabbage
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 T freshly grated ginger root
1/2 C minced celery
3 T minced green onion
3 T minced cilantro
5 large mushrooms, coarsely chopped
2 T low sodium soy sauce
1-1/2 tsp salt or herbal salt substitute

In large bowl, combine flours and water.  Knead 15 minutes, adding more 
flour to water to create a smooth, pliable dough.  Cover dough tightly 
with plastic wrap and let rest for 20 minutes.

Heat sherry in wok over medium heat.  Stir-fry onion and cabbage until 
limp.  Add remaining pot sticker ingredients.  Cook, stirring for 2 
minutes.  Remove mixture from heat and place in colander to drain excess 
moisture.

Divide dough into 24 small balls.  On a lightly floured board, flatten 
each ball of dough into a 3-4 inch circle.  Fill each circle with about 1 
T filling.  Fold circle into half moon shape; pinch edges to seal.

Lightly coat two large nonstick skillets (or work in batches with one 
skillet) with vegetable cooking spray.  Set over medium heat.  When hot, 
add pot stickers, seam side up, flattening slightly on the bottom.  When 
the bottoms of pot stickers are golden brown, add 1/2 C water per pan.  
Cover and steam for 20 minutes.  Makes 24 pot stickers.

Per pot sticker: 4 cal, 2 G protein, 0.7 G fat, 8 G carb, 0 chol, 1 G fiber

***NOTE:  I usually use pot sticker "skins" found in the produce section 
of my local supermarket - this is probably not as healthy as the way 
outlined above, as I'm sure they are made with all white flour, and I 
don't know the fat content, but it does save time, and they do an 
adequate job of holding the filling.  Also, you can freeze the "raw" pot 
stickers in a single layer on a cookie sheet, and when solidly frozen, 
transfer to ziplocs or a tupperware.  Be Sure They are Solidly Frozen, or 
you will end up with pot stickers en masse (trust me). To cook, just plop 
the frozen pot stickers in a pan and proceed as usual.
